Evidence bank (#1022)
RSE-Sheffield/RSE-Sheffield.github.io: pages/collaboration/evidence.md

The RSE team at Sheffield contributed to multiple areas of the research eco-system along the years. This can take a form of research publication, software releases, committee membership, event organisations, etc. 
We are listing here all the contribution made be our team and we grouped them in five categories:

* **Software and repositories:** As Research software engineers, this is our main work. This section mainly reports software repositories & releases of research software but might occasionaly highlights training development that we make open source on github.  
* **Traditional outputs:** This includes refereed papers, conference contributions & grants.
* **University activities:** We are taking part in multiple activites at the University of Sheffield and we list them all here. This can be committees, training organisation, workshops, etc. 
* **External activities:** This is all the activities we are doing outside of the University in the RSE community. Activities include invited talks and lectures, conference committees, panels,etc.
* **Others activities:** Any other things that show our contributions such as blog posts, awards or non-traditional bids.

> <em>Note: This is a dynamic page and we keep adding items.</em>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<em>Note: This is a dynamically generated page and is continually updated.</em>
```
